#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    pip-compile
#
arch==5.6.0
    # via -r requirements.in
contourpy==1.1.0
    # via matplotlib
cycler==0.11.0
    # via matplotlib
dtaidistance==2.3.10
    # via matplotlib
fonttools==4.42.0
    # via dtaidistance
hmmlearn==0.3.0
    # via -r requirements.in
importlib-metadata==6.8.0
    # via numba
importlib-resources==6.0.0
    # via matplotlib
joblib==1.3.1
    # via scikit-learn
kiwisolver==1.4.4
    # via matplotlib
llvmlite==0.40.1
    # via numba
matplotlib==3.7.2
    # via pyclustering
numba==0.57.1
    # via -r requirements.in
numpy==1.24.4
    # via
    #   arch
    #   contourpy
    #   hmmlearn
    #   matplotlib
    #   numba
    #   pandas
    #   patsy
    #   pyclustering
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-learn-extra
    #   scipy
    #   statsmodels
packaging==23.1
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   statsmodels
pandas==2.0.3
    # via
    #   arch
    #   statsmodels
patsy==0.5.3
    # via statsmodels
pillow==10.0.0
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pyclustering
property-cached==1.6.4
    # via arch
pyclustering==0.10.1.2
    # via -r requirements.in
pyparsing==3.0.9
    # via matplotlib
python-dateutil==2.8.2
    # via
    #   matplotlib
    #   pandas
pytz==2023.3
    # via pandas
scikit-learn==1.2.2
    # via
    #   hmmlearn
    #   scikit-learn-extra
scikit-learn-extra==0.3
    # via -r requirements.in
scipy==1.9.0
    # via
    #   arch
    #   hmmlearn
    #   pyclustering
    #   scikit-learn
    #   scikit-learn-extra
    #   statsmodels
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   patsy
    #   python-dateutil
statsmodels==0.13.5
    # via arch
threadpoolctl==3.2.0
    # via scikit-learn
tzdata==2023.3
    # via pandas
zipp==3.16.2
    # via
    #   importlib-metadata
    #   importlib-resources
